Alex/opcua - Implement opcua-connector (#2)
actyx-contrib/machine-demo-box: src/opcua-connector/README.md

# OPC UA Connector

> The opcua-connector is a very configurable connector to produce tree kind of events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The opcua-connector is a very configurable connector to produce three kinds of events.
```

 - valueChanged  - Sensor/Value readings, mostly used for IoT cases. (dashboard, machine learning, ...)
 - statusChanged - The state of the machine has changed. (On, Off, Starting, Productive, Error, Emergency, ...)
 - errorOccurred - Error occurred that needs to be handled by something or someone.

## 🚀 How it works

> The system is build in tree logical modules.

Reviewer: -> The system consists of three separate modules.

### 1. OPC UA connection

> The OPC UA and variables settings are used to connect to the OPC UA server and read the values as a continues stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OPC UA and variables settings are used to connect to the OPC UA server and read the values as a continuous stream.
```

### 2. valueEmitters

> Consuming the OPC UA streams from module 1. The values get modified and probable emitted to actyx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`valueEmitters` consume the OPC UA streams from the first module. These values are formatted/modified and are emitted as Actyx events, depending on the business rule configuration described below.
```

You can configure this module with `valueEmitters` and `valuesTags`.

> Each valueEmitters could be configured as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each `valueEmitter` can be configured using the following properties:
```

>  - `name` Name of the sensor. This name is used to emit the event

Reviewer: > This name is used to emit the event

I don't understand this. Please explain where the name ends up in the event.

Author: I rephrased it and I add the How-does-it-work section

 - `template` [optional] Render the incoming value with a fixed pattern. the value will always replace "{value}" in the text. Example: "{value}C°"
 - `decimal` [optional] Number of decimals the value should be fixed to.

>  - `distinct` [optional] Flag if the value should only be emitted if the value changed. (could be false in the case, the value needs to be documented every 24h)

Reviewer: That's cool. Very convenient.

>  (could be false in the case, the value needs to be documented every 24h)

I don't understand this. Perhaps just remove that part?

### 3. machineStateEmitter

> Consuming the OPC UA streams from module 1. The values get logically check by a rule in the configuration and probable emit an stateChanged event or an errorOccurred event to actyx.

Reviewer: That's barely understandable.

```suggestion
`machineStateEmitter` consumes OPC UA streams from the OPC UA connection. The configured `rule`s are applied to the read values to determine whether to emit an event. If an event is to be emitted, `generateError` determines whether to emit a `stateChanged` or  `errorOccurred` event.
```

You can configure this module with `machineStateEmitters`, `stateTags`, and `errorTag`

Each machineStateEmitters could be configured as:

 - `state` system wide number to reference this state
 - `rule` logical rule to verify if the machine is in this state
 - `description` [optional] template description for the state and error event
 - `generateError` [optional] flag if an errorOccurred event should be emitted

## 🗃️ Settings Example

> This settings do not match the `opcua-mock-plc` but should show who the system could be configured

Reviewer: Please add an example that shows a reading, a matching rule, and the resulting event.
It's hard to understand by just looking at the example config.
